Dear Amazon Member,
WARNING: OFFICIAL URGENT SECURITY FRAUD NOTICE - IMPORTANT INFORMATION REQUIRED
This is an urgent message to all our members. We want to notify you of a password security breach
and we believe your SSN number has been compromised. We also believe your account has also 
been breached. Consider this a warning. Please send us your telephone number so that we can contact 
the IRS immediately. Please send $100.00 via Paypal to verify your account at Citibank.



Excuse me for interfering. I was born in 1948 in Italy. I have been importing cocoa to France for 
almost 16 years. That sounds a little dubious, even though you do not know me and I do not know you. 
Apparently I have brain cancer, I have an incurable disease, the doctor just informed me that my days 
are numbered due to deteriorating health. For what the doctor released me, now a ball is placed in my 
cage. I have been suffering from this disease for 3 years atm. First of all, it is important that we establish 
the foundations of trust between you and me for the  implementation of this project. After my husband died, 
I hired a lawyer to take care of all my paperwork, and he is the one who will help you get your donation.
he is an honest and very simple person. Can you send me your WhatsApp number so I can contact you?



Hello ...Aren't you aware that your lucky WhatsApp number appeared on our CTSS app and won 
$800,000.00 and a brand new Samsung galaxy s10 smartphone from the magnificent Samsung 2022 online
promotion ??



Hello We are the BNP Paribas bank of the French Republic of Director Jean-Laurent Bonnafe.
In short, we fast and guaranteed loans for residents of France, Belgium, New Caledonia,
French Polynesia, Wallis and Futuna, Switzerland, Albania. Germany, Italy, Portugal, Spain, Canada
including all African countries.
After increasing the share capital of the structure, there are now private loans from 3,000 euros to 1,000,000 euros for each euro.
good person or company and able to repay with interest in the amount of 2.5% over the required amount.
period required without advance. We lend in other areas:
Ready to go back to school
Financial Loans
Real estate loans
Investment loans
Car loans
Debt Consolidation
Credit repurchase
Personal loans
If you are really interested in our offer and need the loan,
trouble contact us.


We will contact you with this letter to inform you that you have just won the sum of € 680,000 
from the draw organized by LOTERIE MICROSOFT CORPORATION. For the claim of the prize, please get
in direct contact with Matre NICOLAS DELMARES. For more information,
please see the winning notification in the appendix Attached File. Best Regards, The general 
direction